PROJECT ROADMAP AND TODO LIST

PHASE 0: CRITICAL DECISIONS (BLOCKERS)
  These items must be decided before further development to avoid code rewrites.

  Graphics
    Decide on art style (URGENT/IMPORTANT)

  Camera
    Decide on 1st person vs 3rd person perspective

  World Design
    Decide on the specific section of thessaloniki to import

PHASE 1: CORE ENGINE & WORLD
Building the physical simulation environment.

  Map Implementation:
    Add final map data of the chosen city section
    Add sea or boundary limits
    Add landmark locations
    Work on scaling and rendering optimization (important)

  Traffic System
    Implement traffic rules (lights, lanes)
    Implement collision avoidance (traffic vs traffic)
    Add interaction logic (traffic respecting delivery entrances)

PHASE 2: PLAYER INTERFACE & CONTROLS
The primary way the player interacts with the world.

  Phone UI
    Decide on screen layout (Full screen vs Overlay)
    Implement Maps App (Navigation, GPS)
    Implement Efood App (Job listing and acceptance)

PHASE 3: DELIVERY MECHANICS (CORE LOOP)
The logic defining how jobs are created and completed.

  Delivery Logic
    Define delivery collision boxes and entrance triggers
    Add icons for pickup and drop-off locations
    Implement scoring system (Time, Distance, Safety)
    Add tip modifier logic (based on general time)

  Job Classes & Modifiers
    Hot Food (Fast Food): Very fast time constraints
    Hot Food (Restaurant): Higher pay, high driving sensitivity constraint
    Drinks (Cafe): Very fast time constraints
    Drinks (Bar): Higher pay, extreme sensitivity (spill risk)
    Cold Food (Market): No constraints
    Cold Food (Supermarket): Extra weight physics (handling penalty)

  Map Editor Tools
    Fix editability of POIs
    Add functionality to assign delivery kinds to specific shop nodes

PHASE 4: ECONOMY & FRICTION
Systems that cost money or add strategic depth.

  Car Status
    Implement Fuel system (Consumption + Gas Stations)
    Implement Damage/Health system
    Create Mechanic Screen (Repairs and Upgrades)
    Implement "Death" penalty (Extra towing/medical fees)
    Create upgradable MyCarMonitor app with G-force/Temp data and other car related stats

  Shops & Upgrades
    Decide on E-shops (Phone) vs Physical Stores (Drive-to)
    Define power-ups and car upgrades
    Define item inventory for each shop type

  Law & Order
    Implement Parking logic (Fees for illegal parking)


  //note on optimisation: add music files in midi format?? (να δουμε αν αξίζει γτ θελει εξτρά libraryw)

  add icons on map, replace placeholders with models: random events, sidewalk items.
  handle map edges, add shops and service centers, and gas stations.
  decide on pickup and delivery options: interactable on shop doors or pickup areas.
  save player data on exit, dev reset button.
  unlock mycarstats and speedometer, fuelometer after finishing it.
  add keyboard shortcuts for many phone features, like apps, app functions etc.
  Add actual shop locations / parking spots to pull into?
  fix camera collisions - many bugs

  an theloume map file size optimisation, sto mapgen.py allazoume 
  auto for p in b['pts']: f.write(f" {p[0]:.1f} {p[1]:.1f}") se auto for p in b['pts']: f.write(f" {int(p[0])} {int(p[1])}")

  auto kanei to arxeio apo 3375 KB se 2600 KB alla xaneis kapoia akriveia.

  fix map app building issues
  game not saving on exit? (needs testing)

construction light,light curved, sign highway, sign highway detailed, construction barrier add those
add cone squish logic

flowers, grass, ride entrance, trash, bench

add a bicycle or motorcycle. then, fix graphics for locations instead of spheres, find icons for map, fix loading and start screen graphics, dealership loading screen
add dealership location to map
fix phone appearance
tutorial
jump easter egg
test if car models upgrade
make parks spawn under everything


great! now lets start building the tutorial. create tutorial.c and tutorial.h. we need an overlay window to pop up when the player boots the game and there isnt any save data or the tutorial isnt finished, welcoming the player and asking for a tutorial.(you cant save progress in the tutorial, add this as a warning). then have a choice if the player wants to play through the tutorial or not. after that, if the player clicks no it just saves as tutorial completed. if the player clicks yes: we start off explaining the phone. draw a window with a small phone, and add sample text so i can add fake details about the phone model later. have next/previous buttons through all this. then, explain the phone controls in a window. the shortcuts for the apps, the mouse navigation etc. here have a side tabs/menu for each app's own tutorial aswell. the user can click through the tabs or just continue. add a "screenshot" of each app's screen in the tabs aswell (static non functional app UI). and explain each function. then, continuing the overlay closes and the player movement controls are explained. then, the player receives a notification regarding their first delivery. it should be a simple delivery mission, without any constraints. when they finish the mission, they get another one with a loose constraint, and mission constraints are explained. then, a random road event happens, and road events are explained. then, you are led to refuel in the nearest gas station and that is explained aswell, then you are led to the nearest mechanic and that is explained aswell, and finally you are led to the dealership and that is explained too. add some loose story elements in there too, about being broke and having to pay bills, and thats why you started delivering, and this is your first day on the job.